Updated the name of table creation function (#26)
UBC-MDS/strapvizpy: README.md

- **bootstrap_distribution:** A sampling distribution of `rep` replicates is generated for a specified estimator with replacement for a given bootstrap sample size.  
- **calculate_boot_stats:** Calculates a confidence interval for a given sampling distribution as well as other bootstapped statistics.  
- **histogram_ci_plot:** Makes a histogram of a boostrapped sampling distribution with its confidence interval and oberserved sample statistic.  

> - **create_tables:** Generates a table that contains a given sampling distribution's mean and standard deviation along with relevant statistics as well as a summary table of the bootstrap distributions parameters  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **tabulate_stats:** Generates a table that contains a given sampling distribution's mean and standard deviation along with relevant statistics as well as a summary table of the bootstrap distributions parameters  
```
